ah
everyone today I bring you a tutorial about
of the minecraft plugins in this
occasion is about how to make regions
so that only certain people can enter
groups of your server let's say for
example you make an area where you want
that only enter the orbit as a
area where only they enter and so it's worth
then we will connect the following
that would be the man web plugin here
is the world war plugin and the plugin
of permission sex with these two already
we can achieve what we have said in
where good then let's start the
server I'll leave the description
I also leave this necessary
text document in which I summarize how
would be done and basically sexual creates a
region with the name you want
it is created to modify the region with the flag
between idem and so that nobody can
enter you add the members that you think
that enter with the g2 points and the name
of the groups that you want and then with the
region flag and the name of the region of
deny them access to non- members and
then finally you have to add this
group or is this new permission to the group
what do you want me to have access to and
basically it comes out
well here then there is an example here already
instead of changing or it has been
is here between arrows because it has
what you want is worth it, this is the
example with
what I would put good let's go
server to show you the part
practice
I'm going to wear the uner
Also please get Lopez can
use
more commands
but I do not know why he handles it
now I'm going to do in three something
the
now
good the case is it removes pig that I have
created here a zone worth
let's say this would be the David zone if
I make small because it is an example and
only what we need with
double bar want to take out the wand
word ward
we make the area that we want the region
It is worth as you see the selected the two
point the square and expand towards
top double bar span
this is an area to expand it although there is
another when it's easy and it's going to be
expanded up to the sky like
the whole rock this region is the one we're going
to create and put the document to
that you see I'm doing I'm going to go
following these steps here is worth
then we could region dolphins area
vip 1
this is the name of aznar that we have
created then region flag and now already
feeling we are going to refer to the name that
we had used for this area between beni
is a flash or a modifier that
deny access
now we are going to add a member member
that more than adding a members like
add a group that then with between
we specify who has that
access
the area b1
two points required the name of the group
that you want in a guy that is the same
name of the group you have in
permission 6 time to be of a name
to the group of your permissions plugin
Well, the name you want because then
rather it will give you access with this
node is not going to be
for the group but we are going so that not the
day then that I'm going to put one and the
new permit is going to serve one was going to go
to the vip group one of our permissions
and finally
region flag zone vip 1 / and 11 space in
denver so they can enter and it's worth
the permit is going to be this be here alive
do not
What we will add the plugin
permissions that we have in this case
permission in sex we add here this
because yes
to copy this
we put it here it's worth in group 1
then right now beat 1 would have
this new permit
is what the member is inheriting
because I have an inheritance
is already saved and now simply
we make an ex clock watch so that
update the information we have
indicated since the solid open state
now in theory it is already going on leave
that I can enter because according to him
then let me in perfectly
because it's what I feel the permits
but the moment I put myself
member of your being the wish spain
but member set
the members will not be able to enter
so gestures I do not know why it is
advocating
It is created and as I do not know how it touches me
cool against and go out so that
work
now also that central
sometimes it 's happening
as you see
in this sense enter this area
and this is how an area is made
As you can see, he would not let me enter
member being a yes because I have others
permissions as if it were open
and yet you get one
to have it not update the
moment you want because it does not let me
unintentionally enter a server that
have in the list
balears and wine and as it says it leaves me
enter this area without problems not
it says nothing
so, well, I hope it's useful
you have not asked for enough people from behind
and I had delayed a bit the
true the tutorial has with the 8 before
because once already a while ago but
well better late than never so
well you know any doubt you can
put comments there so much to me
as to the rest of users so that you
let's throw a cable you can suggest me
next tutorials plugins or whatever
and nothing of the law has been served and we
we see in next up soon chao